README.md, before:

# ClassyMates
## Studying-Based Social Application

### Introduction

Finding people to study with can be a daunting task. 

Public class discussion boards do not offer an environment in which students can simultaneously create connections as
well as discuss relevant coursework. 

On top of that, lecture settings limit the amount of people you can interact with, since you cannot sit and talk to
many people. This is especially the case for introverts like me.

Currently, there are no solutions designed to link people together based on their classes in order
to create a comfortable social setting. This application aims to provide a comfortable experience to students by
creating the ability to link them together through the classes they are taking.

### Application's Abilities

This application allows professors to **create class-sized groups** called **Classrooms** that correspond to their 
appropriate course. 

In these groups, professors, TAs and students are allowed to discuss course-related material through **posts**.

Students can create groups within these classes (called **subgroups**) where more intimate social interactions can 
take place. Professors will not be able to access these subgroups. Students can choose from a list and assign 
**interests** to subgroups. This will allow other students to find groups of people who are interested
in the same things.

Classrooms will contain **posts** with the ability for users to **comment** in those posts, 
while subgroups will contain messages.

### Target Audience

This app can be used by the following:
- Professors
- TAs
- Students

### My Interest in this Project

Currently, official class-discussion boards lack the ability to form any social connections with other students in
those classes. On top of that, forming connections in-person is challenging, especially for introverts like me. I want
to make this application to help students connect with each other while also having an environment where they can
discuss class-related topics.

*Aside: I noticed that in the classes in which I have friends I can talk to, I have enjoyed the class more, and also
done better academically. Having friends in your classes really helps to create a better learning environment.*

## User Stories

* As a user, I want to post a question in a classroom.
* As a user, I want to view multiple posts in a classroom.
* As a user, I want to add a comment in a post.
* As a user, I want to view multiple comments in a class post.
* As a user, I want to create a subgroup.
* As a user, I want to post and view messages in the subgroup.
* As a user, I want to view subgroups in a classroom.
* As a user, I want to save all classrooms, posts, comments, subgroups, and messages.
* As a user, I want to be able to load the saved classrooms, posts, comments, subgroups, and messages.

Commit message:

Fixed JSON reading bug. Need to design tests for JsonReader and JsonWriter.
Also, since classes have changed quite a bit, need to check if line and branch coverage is still 100%. Else, need to fix

README.md, after:

# ClassyMates
## Studying-Based Social Application

### Introduction

Finding people to study with can be a daunting task. 

Public class discussion boards do not offer an environment in which students can simultaneously create connections as
well as discuss relevant coursework. 

On top of that, lecture settings limit the amount of people you can interact with, since you cannot sit and talk to
many people. This is especially the case for introverts like me.

Currently, there are no solutions designed to link people together based on their classes in order
to create a comfortable social setting. This application aims to provide a comfortable experience to students by
creating the ability to link them together through the classes they are taking.

### Application's Abilities

This application allows students to post questions and interact with each other in **classrooms**.

Classrooms have both posts, and something called **subgroups**.

These subgroups, which students can create, are where more intimate social interactions can 
take place. Subgroups are designed to foster a more casual environment, that encourages non-course related discussions.

Classrooms will contain **posts** with the ability for users to **comment** in those posts, 
while subgroups will contain messages.

### Target Audience

This app is designed for students, especially those who want to connect with classmates.

### My Interest in this Project

Currently, official class-discussion boards lack the ability to form any social connections with other students in
those classes. On top of that, forming connections in-person is challenging, especially for introverts like me. I want
to make this application to help students connect with each other while also having an environment where they can
discuss class-related topics. This will be a project that I will work on for the foreseeable future, as I would
like to see this concept be fully fleshed out.

*Aside: I noticed that in the classes in which I have friends I can talk to, I have enjoyed the class more, and also
done better academically. Having friends in your classes really helps to create a better learning environment.*

## User Stories

* As a user, I want to post a question in a classroom.
* As a user, I want to view multiple posts in a classroom.
* As a user, I want to add a comment in a post.
* As a user, I want to view multiple comments in a class post.
* As a user, I want to create a subgroup.
* As a user, I want to post and view messages in the subgroup.
* As a user, I want to view subgroups in a classroom.
* As a user, I want to save all classrooms, posts, comments, subgroups, and messages.
* As a user, I want to be able to load the saved classrooms, posts, comments, subgroups, and messages.
